## Zone file
Zone files consist of [Resource Records](3.2-resource-records), which describe the zone's characteristics or properties, and [Directives](3.3-directives).

### Zone File format
A DNS zone file is constructed using `Resource Record (RRs)` and `Directives`. The text representation of these records are stored in zone files.
1. Zone files consist of `Comments`, `Derectives` and `Resource Records`
2. Comments start with `;` (semicolon) and are assumed to continue to the end of the line
3. `Direcitves` start with `$` and are standardized - `$ORIGIN` and `$INCLUDE` (defined in RFC 1035) and `$TTL` (defined in RFC 2308). Bind additionally provides the non-standard `$GENERATE` directive.
4. There are a number of Resource Record (RR) types Defined in RFC 1035 and augmented by subsequent RFCs.
5. The `$TTL` directive should be present and appear before the first RR
6. The first Resource Record must be the __SOA (Start of Authority)__ record.

### Setting TTLs
The time-to-live (__TTL__) of the RR field is a 32-bit integer represented in units of seconds, and is primarily used by resolvers when they cache __RRs__. The __TTL__ describes how long an __RR__ can be cached before it should be discarded. The following three types of __TTLs__ are currently used in a zone file.

#### SOA minimum
The last field in the __SOA__ is the negative caching TTL. This controls how long other srvers cache no-such-domain(NXDOMAIN) responses from their server.

#### $TTL
The __$TTL__ directive at the top of the zone file (before the __SOA__) gives a default __TTL__ for every __RR__ without a specific __TTL__ set.

#### RR TTLs
Each __RR__ can have a __TTL__ as the second field in the __RR__, which controls how long other servers can cache it.

All of these __TTLs__ default to units of secondds, thought units can be explicitly specified: for exampe, __1h30m__.
## Appendices
### Useful Links
- [Pro DNS and BIND](https://www.zytrax.com/books/dns/)  -- a comprehensive introduction about BIND, extended version of DNS for Rocket Scientist
