### Private IP Reverse Map Zone Files

Resolvers are configured to send __iterative queries__ to the public DNS hierarchy when the information requested is not in 
their cache or not defined in any local zone file. By their nature these IP addresses are forward-mapped in various user 
zone files. However, certain applications may issue `reverse map` queires (mapping an IP address to a name). If the 
private IP addresses are not defined in one or more reverse-mapped zone file(s), the resolver sends them to the DNS 
hierarchy where they are simply useless traffic, slowing down DNS responses for all users.

Private IP addresses may be defined using standard __reverse-mapping technique__ or using __empty-zones-enable__ statement.
By default this statement is set to __empty-zones-enable yes;__ and thus automatically prevents unnecessary DNS traffic 
by sending an __NXDOMAIN__ error response (Indicating the name does not exist) to any request. However, some applications
may require a genuine answer to such reverse-mapped requests or they will fail to function. Mail systems in particular 
perform reverse_mapped requests or they will fail to function. Mail systems in particular perform reverse DNS queries as
a first-line spam check. In this case a reverse-mapped zone file is essential.  
### Reverse Mapping in IPv4

Reverse name resolution (that is, translation from IP address to name) is achieved by means of the `in-addr.arpa` domain
and PTR records. Entries in the __in-addr.arpa__ domain are made in least-to-most significant order, read left to right. 
This is the opposite order to the way IP addresses are usually written. Thus, a machine with an IP address of 
__10.1.2.3__ would have a corresponding __in-addr.arpa__ name of __3.2.1.10.in-addr.arpa__ The name should have a PTR 
resource record whose data field is the name of the machine or, optionally, multiple PTR records if the machine has more
than one name.

For example, in the __example.com__ domain,

Name|Description
---|---
$ORIGIN|2.1.10.in-addr.arpa
3|IN PTR foo.example.com

`Note: The $ORIGIN line is only to provide context; it does not necessarily appear in the actual usage. It is only used 
here to indicate that the example is relative to the listed origin.`

The sample configuration files given here for both the resolver abd the forwarding resolver provide a reverse-mapping zone
file for the private IP address 192.168.254.4, which is the mail server address, as an illustration of the reverse-map 
technique. This file is named `192.168.254.rev` and has a zone name of __254.168.192.in-addr.arpa__.

```
; reverse map zone file for 192.168.254.only
$TTL 2d; 172800 seconds
$ORIGIN 254.168.192.IN-ADDR.ARPA
@   IN  SOA ns1.example.com. hostmaster.example.com. (
                                2002080800  ; serial number
                                3h          ; refresh
                                15m         ; update retry
                                3w          ; expiry
                                3h          ; nx = nxdomain ttl
                                )
; only one NS is required for this local file
; and is an out of zone name
    IN  NS  ns.example.com
; other IP addresses can be added as required
; this maps 192.168.254.4 as shown
4   IN  PTR mail.example.com.   ; fully qualified domain name (FQDN)                                  

```